so on
I know it's my kind of my background
rode horses but you know I wasn't
expecting racing dance Jacques
Villeneuve pulled out a veterans of the
year that the running in this track and
nationwide since allowed and you know I
didn't know the car I didn't know the
track and we came here about the fall
last lap and won the race so there's
nothing else I could have wanted
one two
i herded more and more than 100 times
its long raise because of the cars very
heavy to get from the braids so I was
very patient when I love to lead I just
stood behind and waited for my position
and just took off maintain that the car
was good at the end clean huh rain-x
alright next nice
this is super train got caught himself
in a bit of a mess behind me and I use
that to you know get a bit of a distance
it's all about being the right time the
right place
got a straight-ahead basket what
it's a rose pour so it's kind of where I
grew up you know I second time driving
these cars like this on a road course so
there's so little few things that I was
getting used to ginger rice but it's so
far away probably the furthest you know
from Brazil and here in America you know
we're close to here in Canada within
ourselves
I hope this opens a little bit guys on
your team bosses and sponsorships
because obviously yeah
next year I'm looking for a ride for
nationwide
I hope this this helps me a little bit
that's great I'm just I just hope my
family that the year was me to
celebrates a little bit and can't wait
can't wait to go back home and next
Thursday I have another race trucks go
back to the truck connector waffles
the good thing is that two hours before
the race started they decided to put it
live in Brazil and it wasn't supposed to
be live so I mean that was oh it's great
thank you for whoever managed to
accomplish that I think there's a lot of
pressure of dependency on Twitter
Facebook so they managed to couldn't
live in see these other was great for
all the presidents managed to watch
every slide
session your security everyone takes
another weekend like this thank you
one two three